[Subtitles in the making and will be available soon]
Since you came to me in person,
you must have thought it through.
Tell me.
What do you want?
Give Lu Si-woo back to me.
You came in person
and asked me.
I thought
a very
imagination.
I didn't expect
is my son.
It's Lu Si-woo.
Is there any difference?
Lu Si Nan and Lu Si Yu
are my sons.
There must be
between them.
But instead of caring about this,
let's hear
my conditions?
Condition?
What is it? What is it?
Four years ago,
the business manager of Changlu Group
recommended
to my father.
They claimed that the two companies invested in purchasing.
Joint development.
But my father
didn't plan to
to Sia,
and refused this proposal.
But this proposal
on the board of directors of Yunhai,
in Yunhai Board Meeting.
It shows that
the desperate and hard work
of the investors.
[After this land was sold,]
for four years.
It has been abandoned until now.
And then?
I bought this land.
and you bought this land.
In the name of CEO of Yunhai,
in the name of CEO of Yunhai.
with this land.
and Long Lu Group again.
The land you bought
used a lot of money
in Yunhai Island?
You don't have to worry about that.
However,
you have to get this land on a long way.
I have a condition.
Go ahead.
I want the Lu family.
to announce it in public.
Lu Si Nan's notarized will is invalid.
The Lu family and the informant
quit Yunhai Board
and never get involved
in Yunhai.
Also,
I'm taking Si-woo.
What's so funny?
I really underestimated you.
Thirty years ago,
your father and I
met in business.
I can say
I watched you grow up.
In my eyes,
you are always
who needs a father
who needs his father's protection.
Now,
sitting in front of me
and openly
with me openly.
Negotiation is negotiation.
Don't mention age.
Talk to me.
Are you qualified?
Don’t think that you’ve been
for a few days,
I really thought
I can take the responsibility.
Can you play capital
or connections?
It can still be suppressed.
Yunhai International.
those shareholders
In my opinion,
you are
who doesn't even grow hair.
Little girl.
You took over Yunhai Island
from your father.
such a big business.
face such a big business,
can you keep
or can you sit still?
Are you discriminating me?
discrimination?
Business is a battlefield.
It can't be fixed
with your fingers.
If you want to hold the table on the cloud sea,
anyone on the table
can flip you on the ground.
Take the table on the clouds
Where?
Which table?
Who's on the table?
Who are they to overthrow me?
When your father was alive,
when he was alive?
You've known my father for years.
Why don't you teach me?
Okay.
Let me tell you clearly.
Don’t think that you’ve found
The land that Long Road Group
four years ago.
I wanted to use it as a bargaining chip.
Ye Haimeng.
Stop joking.
Long Road Group
doesn't need that land.
So it's not necessary
to cooperate
in Yunhai Island.
I don't want that land.
What do you want?
Your Ocean.
When you married Si Nan,
you should have
be his wife
and the eldest daughter-in-law of the Lu family.
Give all the things you can't protect
to the Lu family.
The Lu family can keep you safe
for the rest of your life.
and a rich life.
Lu Si Nan approached me on purpose
to marry him.
was planned by the Lu family.
What do you think?
Lu Si Nan killed his wife.
was also your order.
It was me.
So what?
What?
It's an accident.
Lu Si Nan.
As the eldest son of the Lu family,
it's a big deal for him to get married and have children.
As a father,
I have to ask him myself.
And you are the one
for Lu Si Nan.
The best candidate.
The best.
is the best choice to kill.
You don't have to ask me.
You don't have to tell me
You hate the Lu family now.
In fact, what you should hate the most
your biological parents.
Why did I
only have you?
Why did your father insist
Yunhai International
to a daughter.
How can you
to control
such a big business.
How can you
to protect the whole Ocean?
Ye Haimeng.
You can't protect the Yunhai International.
Why don't you hand it over
and protect it
will be guarded by the Lu family and me.
In this way,
the Lu family can protect you
for the rest of your life.
Even if the Lu family doesn't take you in,
other families
will tear down
will be torn apart.
Yunhai is my family's business.
Why should I merge with you?
Who do you think you are?
kill for money?
as if
to eat and drink water.
Who are you to decide my life?
The fate of my family.
In the world of capital,
there is no reason.
The strong harvests the weak.
This is the way of heaven.
You're weak.
So you have to die.
Open the door!
Hello?
Si-woo.
What's wrong?
Open the door.
Si-woo!
Watch your wound.
I'll open it for you.
Is your hand okay?
Si-woo.
Si-woo!
Lu Si-woo, what's wrong with you?
Why did you push your brother-in-law?
Are you okay, honey?
I'm fine.
Are you hurt?
Are you okay?
You little...
Don't think you're smart anymore.
to negotiate with me.
You don't have the ability
or that right.
overseas land joint development.
I don't need
No need.
The life of the eldest son of the Lu family
to you.
The only thing the Lu family wants now
is your sea.
If you're smart enough,
just give up
the CEO of Yunhai.
Give me
that you have
and the shares
from your uncle
to the Lu family.
In this way,
the Lu family can protect you
for the rest of your life.
As for Si-woo,
I'll let him take your place
and become the largest shareholder
of Yunhai International.
Ye Haimeng.
you'll give up
to take him away.
Impossible.
I will never listen to you.
I will never go to Yunhai International.
I won't hurt Ye Haimeng.
I will never
take all her assets
like my brother.
Lu Si-woo.
I won't do
to hurt her.
Unless I die.
Come with me.
Lu Si-woo.
Come back!
It's okay.
They didn't follow us.
Don't be afraid.
I won't let them hurt you.
You got hit.
I'm fine.
It doesn't hurt.
It's so serious.
How can it not hurt?
If you're not hurt,
I won't hurt.
I'm sorry.
It has nothing to do with you.
They are my family.
and my father.
They hurt you
again and again.
How could it have nothing to do with me?
You said
Lu
is my sin.
If I could,
my last name will no longer be Lu.
If I can
give them
to them.
Lu Si-woo.
Don't think too much.
All choices
are not black or white.
You have nothing
with these things.
No matter what happens,
no matter what difficulties we face,
we have to believe in each other.
and be honest with each other.
and never separate.
Lu Si-woo.
Promise me.
Okay.
I promise you.
We will never be apart.
We believe in each other
without hesitation.
Let's keep going together.
Si-woo is here.
Take him back.
Don't touch her.
I can walk myself.
Tan Xin.
Mr. Ye.
Sorry to disturb you.
What is it?
Go ahead.
The front gate of Yunhai
by many media reporters.
It should be Lu family and Long Lu Group
released the news
about the big change of shares.
The public
has a bad review on Yunhai.
Our companies
of our company
were shocked.
Got it.
Also,
in the board,
in the board of directors
to suspend all work.
Before President of Yunhai and major shareholders
and major shareholders,
they will not
work state.
Because of this decision,
several branch companies have announced
to break off the hook with our headquarters.
Business and financial report system
are closed to the headquarters.
Take off the hook.
How many?
A dozen.
accurate number.
27.
Anything else?
The last one.
Yunhai Board
The public hearing
[due to the change of shareholders.]
You and Lu Si-woo
Lu Si-woo.
Who has more
Yunhai shares?
Who is Yunhai?
of Yunhai?
will be announced in the meeting.
officially verified.
Open hearing.
Lu Siyu and I?
Mr. Ye.
This meeting is very important.
You must attend.
I will.
Mr. Chang.
You sent me an email.
The Lu family officially submitted
Lu Si Nan's notarized will.
We're handling
inheritance separation procedure.
was suspended by the court.
The court and the judge
requests to re-submit it.
of the car accident
and the death certificate of Lu Si Nan
and all supplementary information.
The judge asked
to compare the evidence
and materials
Review.
We got
all the beneficial results
may all fail.
Let's start the judicial procedure again.
Mr. Ye.
You need to be prepared.
The Lu family
for a long time.
to separate the clouds.
Got it.
Wait, Mr. Chang.
The seventh photo.
What certificate is it?
The Lu family
to the board.
This proof
of the Ye family.
The equity transfer authorization.
Why is it here?
my mom's handprint and autograph?
I told you.
If you obey me,
I can give you a way out.
Don't look at me.
I've checked everything for you.
But the situation is very bad.
You need to be prepared.
What is the answer?
Long-way Capital.
The land deal we investigated last time
Except for your results,
we recreated
several companies.
Apart from penetrating the stock price structure,
the planner is
outside the long road capital.
After the deal,
after the deal.
What?
The buyer is bright.
The funds are not strong.
The money for purchasing the land
for four years.
But the payment is unclear.
The list of accounts
other than
in Hong Kong,
we also found a private account.
A private account?
Xiao.
Xiao Ting.
My aunt.
Are you sure?
My information network is very reliable.
After this transaction,
we have another major discovery.
Don't be too surprised.
Tell me.
Do you know
the long-distance capital
has been hidden?
As a well-known
[finance group, known overseas and abroad,]
They estimated that five years ago
five years ago.
The long road developed in several countries
in many countries.
It's all because
the local policy,
industrial risks
and foreign capital restriction.
It has been abandoned for many years.
This discovery
touch it again.
The long road is in China.
Although business plates
is still hot,
But the long road
in the capital market
in the capital market.
Fake prosperity
After a few years,
the assets inside the long road
must have a huge loss.
The profit overseas
in overseas.
My informant feedback
There are hundreds of billions
has already had billions of plans.
Unless other groups
to fill it.
Otherwise, we would have closed down long ago.
Long Road Group lost a billion yuan.
No wonder
sold their villa
and moved into Yun Manor.
No wonder Lu Changdong
is always away.
He's going to a nursing home.
He must be traveling abroad.
thinking about how to save
Long Road Group.
You just said
they need other groups to save them.
Did Lu Changdong
five years ago?
and wanted to get my dad involved.
What if the land deal
is a joint intervention
and long-distance capital.
Probably.
Here's the thing.
The Lu family has been targeting
your family's business.
But your father was very vigilant.
and refused
this abnormal deal.
They built
they built,
he sent his eldest son
to lure you
into a marriage trap.
Are you okay?
Can you
do me another favor.
Go ahead.
I want to re-investigate
the honeymoon hotel
with Lu Si Nan.
If possible,
I want to get the video record.
Are you suspecting
Lu Si Nan's real motive?
No.
I suspect that Lu Si Nan and I
a bigger trap
behind cheating.
What do you think?
The president is as charming as before.
Back then,
the long road expanded rapidly.
We are young.
Unfortunately,
It's still good now.
As long as the president is here,
all crises on the long road
can turn calamities into good.
You're right.
As long as we are still alive,
we still have resources.
We can get through
we can get through it.
Where is Lu Siyu?
I'm going to Yunhai Avenue today.
Why aren't you changing?
Why do you look like that?
I'm not going.
What's wrong with you?
I'm not.
My life
my own life.
When have you
your own life?
When you were young,
your brother Lu Si Nan
by your brother Lu Si Nan.
You've grown up.
you're obedient to your mother.
Why did you
you're actually
to me.
When I was young,
I respect my brother.
When I grow up, I'm filial to my mother.
But what about you?
You want to take me
the board of directors
and steal others’ property.
Hit me.
I won't go
I won't go.
I won't hit you.
In my hands,
is the best card
the best card.
Get rid of Ye Haimeng.
the sharpest knife.
As long as you're here
at Yunhai International,
That's the Lu family's.
Why do you have to do this?
Why must you
take over other people's group?
Why did you
become a murderer?
If you don't hurt others,
others will hurt you.
In this world,
There's no right or wrong
Only strong and weak
No.
"Kindness." That's right.
or evil.
What did you say?
Dad.
Have you ever loved someone?
Have you ever loved me?
Do you love Passing Si Nan?
Have you ever loved Si Yue or me?
In this world,
apart from the long-distance capital group,
besides stealing in the world of money,
and killing.
Have you ever loved anyone?
Love?
What is love?
Your brother
by your brother.
What did you learn
what did you learn?
What kind?
What evil?
Black and white?
You were raised
at home.
What do you know?
It's a real world
This is the real world.
Love
is the beginning of hatred.
Kindness
is the beginning of evil.
Two sides of human heart.
Humanity.
It's not your turn
to teach me.
Today,
go to Yunhai International
and bring back
that belongs to your brother.
If anything goes wrong
in the middle,
I'll turn against you
I'll turn against you.
Mr. Ye.
The board has informed
an official meeting.
At 2 p.m. today.
The location is
Yunhai International Hotel.
Meeting Hall.
Ke.
Come back.
What's wrong with Si-woo?
Open the window.
Open the window. I need some fresh air.
Why did you stop?
Si-woo!
Dad.
You may not know,
Si-woo has anxiety syndrome.
I think he was abroad
when I was abroad.
in the game.
It's a problem.
Now
Looks like
It's getting worse.
I drove out by myself
and almost died.
Anxiety syndrome?
I saw it with my own eyes.
Today,
I think so.
We went out in a hurry.
He probably forgot the medicine.
Dad.
No.
Let's stop for two minutes on the road.
Let Si-woo go down and take a breath.
He might be fine soon.
Si-woo.
Si-woo!
Are you okay?
Si-woo.
Watch out!
Stay back!
Lu Si-woo.
Si-woo!
Si-woo.
What are you doing?
Get down!
I'm not going to Yunhai Island.
I won't be the heir.
I'm not Lu Si Nan.
I won't steal other people's property,
and I won't be your card.
I...
hurt Ye Haimeng.
Lu Siyu.
What are you talking about?
Get down!
You gave birth to me and raised me.
I have nothing in return.
But I won't agree
I will never agree.
If my surname is Lu,
it's my fault.
At this moment,
I will repay everything
you gave me.
Si-woo.